$Header$

Original author: Valentin Hilbig, webmaster@scylla-charybdis.com

Warning!

This downloads some other software packages and compiles them.  As I
am a paranoid person I check the downloaded files with MD5SUM.
However stay alert.  As always.


All my work in this subdirectory (it probably is tinolib/diet/) is
Public Domain as long as nobody else claims authorship.

I simply don't know how to copyright it.  There is nothing in it which
rectifies a copyright.  It's just a bunch of Makefiles which download,
configure and compile other software, which is copyrighted and mostly
GPL.  That's all about it to know.

To copyright this would be the same as mixing two colors and to
pretend ownership on the result.  Well, some companies actually do
this:

The Deutsche Telekom AG has trademarked (and thus copyrighted) the
Magenta color.  So if you use plain Magenta you will be probably sued
by them in future.

However I think, this is completely nuts.  So I must be honest and
cannot even claim that something like this can be copyrighted.
Therefore it must be PD.


Funny side note:

Compression is usual.  So I first wanted to name "tinodiet.sh" into
"dietino.sh".  However it seemed to me, that this type of joke is a
little bit too cracking and might be misunderstood by the posterity.
However this would be exactly the type of black humor I like so much.

I don't want to dig into legals very deeply, just use your brain.  If
you don't impiclitly knew following legal disclaimers in advance
without me telling you, you probably haven't got any brain and are one
of those major morons out there, and you are behaving even more
immature than the Deutsche Telekom AG:


Of course, the compiled downloaded files are not Public Domain!  They
*are* copyrighted and you must comply to the license these files came
with.

Of course this scripts here do not have any warranty implied and I
cannot be held liable for anything this files do.  There might be
grave bugs in it or the external sources which are unnoticed by me.

Of course you should contact me if you find something bad in it.  And
of course my eMail boxes are filled with SPAM such that it might be
that you have to notify me more than once.  And to get behind my
proposed future anti-spam-filter (metaspam.org) you must allow to
receive eMail to which you have sent eMail, as this filter might send
you a verification eMail before it forwards the eMail to me.

-Tino
webmaster@scylla-charybdis.com
$Log$
Revision 1.1  2005-06-07 20:41:57  tino
This support is nearly not tested and not complete yet


